hello freak bitches well there's this
thing speaking of guys who are in the
business of doing heroic acts there's a
you've heard of the fireman fantasy I
mean that the fact that women find guys
while firemen to be very attractive and
actually turns out that there was a
study that was done that actually shows
this to be the case and I discussed this
in one of my articles on psychology
today if you have a guy approach women
either wearing a fireman suit or not his
chances of getting her phone number
increases quite substantially really if
he is wearing a fireman so how do they
know this where do they have the same
guy not where the firemen with the same
approach in the same same word same
script same everything
one version it's called the field
experiment in one version you you
approach women at a cafe wearing the
stuff and another version you don't the
guy who actually did that research is a
French psychologist his name is Nicola
Egan and I've actually covered a few of
his studies on my website my most read
article ever over maybe three four
hundred thousand readers is one of his
studies where I was simply because we're
gonna talk about the blowback issue now
here again it was a study where he
looked at the likelihood of women being
picked up as hitchhikers as a function
of their breast size so he actually had
the same woman and they you know
artificially manipulated her breast size
and on different days she would stand
there and and of course it turned out
that men were much more likely to pick
up the woman if she had the same woman
if she had bigger breast size so I just
summarized that study put it up and then
I remember I'd gone on vacation came
back from a vacation found out that it
had completely gone viral but I had a
million hate mail
not just from readers but from fellow
Psychology Today bloggers who were
arguing that I was you know peddling
pornography because I had a picture as
the teaser image for that article I had
a photo of a woman sitting in a
passenger seat with big wood large
breasts well it seemed appropriate for
the topic given that that's what the
topic of the study was but
by putting that image I was objectifying
women I was treating them as mere sex
objects and so even though I had nothing
to do with the study and I was simply
summarizing somebody else's work I was a
horrifying pornographic peddler isn't it
funny that just a photograph of a woman
with large breasts is considered
pornographic but now listen to this so
then I've also written articles on
Psychology Today where I talk about all
the kinds of issues dealing with penis
size you know so do women want a guy
with a bigger penis are they more likely
to have orgasm if he's got a bigger
penis if you're in a gay relationship
man man are you likely to be top or
bottom as a function of your penis size
that study has been done by science and
so and for those articles I put sexy
images of men so then I wrote to each of
those people who had written the hate
man I said well for in all fairness you
now have to write an equally hateful
thing because I'm also sexually
exploiting men's bodies of course they
went away and never came back
we have the I think this is one of the
coolest times ever to be alive I really
do and I think that one of the reasons
why it's one of the coolest times ever
to be alive is because it's just so
chaotic it's so strange and no one can
do anything about it no one can stop it
no they're gonna try to net neutrality
they're gonna try to put the brakes here
and charge people for that and you're
gonna you're in trouble and you're on a
list I'm gonna watch you what do you try
to be anonymous you fucker I want to
know where you were we were we were
talking about this right before the show
like all that shit that's coming out
like all the corruption and anger and
government incompetence I'm starting to
believe that it has to be there because
that's what wakes us up to we don't need
so many agencies we don't need like so
many wars and so much bullshit let's
just decide things for ourselves and of
course we need some walls we need some
police we need some roads and that's
really it thank you very much you know
like have a nice day we don't need you
archiving fucking baby photos yeah
that's been we've gone over the wine and
so you're seeing that people realize
that people realize that banks are
ineffective in greedy people realize
that the old media is dying out they
don't give a shit about their viewers so
they're just moving
to better stuff and it's happening
across the board in pretty much every
industry even um I had this woman
Tiffany van Gogh II on my show recently
he was another podcast host and she was
talking to me about how all these
grocery stores now have an organic
section that's taking off and so you're
seeing like this we have new standards
like that's I think what's happening is
that we have higher standards than we
used to and so across the board is
better stuff yeah there's no doubt that
things are getting more complex and
harder to control there's no doubt and
there's no doubt that these old systems
whether it's like afternoon when you
watch the news at 6 or 5 or whatever the
fuck it is it seems like you're watching
a parody right the anchorman is becoming
more and more I mean when you watch if
you try to watch like the LA news try to
watch any of those channels local news
at 5 o'clock it's like these people are
aliens right miss you I think these
things were not supposed to exist
forever and that's why to us it seems so
kind of silly is like it's supposed to
be dying out that's like then it's the
new season new stuffs gonna come out
it's kind of like fashion right like
every year it's gonna be something
different that's the way it works now
it's a corporate media and
centralization top-down type stuff is
dying out and I'm sure it'll continue to
exist in a bunch of different forms but
that idea is getting weaker and weaker
[Applause]